you've got that coin if you watch out of
it yeah Timlin season is here now you
might wanna go to fifa coins that common
use that goat hey whatz get yourself a
percent off there's a link in the
description go get your coins my boys
and welcome to Brandon video my channel
so I've already brought you guys this
kind of video work before like two times
and it's how to bite even their seasons
this time so I've got myself a team this
season Tampa bond who is I believe
currently extinct on the market he is
and I'm so confident that I'm gonna get
him back then I'm gonna list mine up
right now and i believe that way of
enough wins this way will I when he
sells I don't know if I'm enough enough
coins or not yes I'm just got enough
coin alright so Tim this isn't pub want
to play that we're going to get we're
gonna have to go over here we're gonna
have to go and find him on the concepts
court first and I'm going to show you a
brand new method now the really annoying
thing about this video guys is I already
had this recorded but my HTTP I decided
you know nope Ryan we're not gonna
record this for you what was really
knowing was in this video I managed to
pick up to team of the season players
that were currently extinct at that time
and I managed to pack team this season
griezmann which I'll put on screen now
as my xbox recorded it automatically but
yeah mid video i piped team of the
season Griezmann because my ex was
recorded it automatically them try and
get the faith come from that video put
them together to show you my actual
reaction to be packing him but it's
gonna be pretty difficult so yeah
obviously that's not there I'm really
sorry but today's method is the goal to
any method so the right button on your
xbox controller or pad web you want to
call it or Playstation even if you move
it to the left or right it's going to
change which kind of filter you search
and every time you change that refreshes
the market when you press triangle to
search and you could potentially find
one of the market like I just have and
I've dismissed it because I was messing
around trying to show you guys how to do
it so those basically the message you
just gonna want to spam like that and
then you'll be able to find one and buy
it now if you guys want to follow up to
this episode showing you how to quick
how to get quicker at buying the players
then I hate 75-plus likes on this video
that be amazing and without further ado
that's good and just like that boys
we've got one about a minute of
searching because he is quite fresh
quite new fuzzy this one's not fresh
clean with a fresh one but that's
alright we're not gonna complain about
that we've just got ourselves another
pub on what was that confident that's
why I removed him from a squad and sold
him and I've got back
no again so much if you guys enjoy this
video leave a like down below they'll be
utterly amazing if you guys have any
queries and questions leave them in the
comments down below as well for that
further ado lads I'll show you the
Griezmann pack at the end as well just
to show you me going into my xbox and
actually showing you the part see you
later later ok lads that kind of just
proves that i actually did manage to
pack him i don't know why it started
from there but is this is just the proof
that I did my pack Griezmann and yeah I
was pretty happy with it I don't know
why it's all like that it was mid video
as well which was kind of annoying
because I wanted to keep that video
would have been such a good video as
well but if you do this video like I
said earlier leave a like down below
subscribe if you are in here I think we
just hit to Dagobah sticky legislature